a tuber is 95 speed GTA one of the last
things I'm going to do with my own three
Caravan and show you how to get the BCM
body control module out of Euro 1 207
Dodge Grand Caravan Chrysler Town and
Country now this is for the minivans
without the knee bolster airbag first
what you're going to want to do is um
there's going to be one two three four
Phillips head screws and is generally a
hush panel on the under here what you're
going to want to do is you're going to
want to undo them take them out the arm
this steering wheel column cover
shouldn't be in the way so you don't
have to worry about that that's just
taken out because it's out and once you
take it out there's going to be a couple
of clips pretty much just pulled down
not like that there's a one clip to clip
three clips holding it in and then you
have right here and I'm going to show
you what to do after that to tools
you're going to need the long Phillips
head screwdriver and a ten millimeter
socket attach to a ratchet or attach to
one of these and what you're going to do
is you're going to remove this bar right
here and to do that you're going to do
it like this
oh hey that's it
now the bar is removed you're gonna have
to deal with this or is there something
up above no there isn't
that's not a big deal now we got our
engine bulkhead connector that's what it
looks like and that's also a 10 mil go
I'm going to go easy with that pull that
out of the way then we're going to move
some connectors out of the way like this
yellow one and we're going to disconnect
all the plugs on the on the BCM right
back there that little white module
little big white module right there as
you're BCM once you remove all your rom
plugs on there you're going to take your
long Phillips head screwdriver and
there's going to be it looks like one
two and probably actually I think those
are the only two let's find out but
while we're at it
oh not while we're at it but let's get
to work on taking those plugs out
alright next what you want to do is when
you remove the bulkhead connector you
don't want to remove this and you see
that little tab right inside there what
you want to do is you want to pull it
you want to take your finger or fly to
driving move it to the left and pull
forward and it will come right off it
will give you some room to get those two
other Phillips head screws because
there's one right there and one on the
bottom and what I would do is I would
wait to take all the wires off of it um
when you get the BCM out and out here
because it seems it has those red safety
things on it and it looks a little less
difficult to do when the BCM is right in
front of you okay so here's our PCM so
what you want to do is um now you could
take your flat-head screwdriver and you
want to push all these up
these are just safety these safety
things Chrysler does
I think price is the only one that does
it but when you get them up some of them
will come up on their own actually it's
not really supposed to but then you
squeeze squeeze the black tab and you
get the gist I can't do it one hand and
youtubers this is your BCM body control
module for your 2001 to 2007 Dodge Grand
Caravan Chrysler Town and Country
youtubers this is 95 speed GTA thanks
for watching
oh and hey by the way those screws
sometimes they get a little tricky when
you think you have more loose they're
really not so just be careful and take
your time this is a pretty delicate
stuff under here thanks for watching
guys